updating Plotly to Chart Studio in _posts/dashboards-spectacle, _posts/financial, and _posts/fundamentals (#436)
plotly/plotly.github.io: _posts/dashboards-spectacle/2016-11-11-add-website-to-dashboard.md

steps:
 - title: Introduction
   sub-steps:
    - copy: "Chart Studio dashboards are now more interactive and customizable than ever."
    - copy: "Not only can you add a [plot](http://help.plot.ly/create-a-dashboard/#step-3-add-a-plot), and [text](http://help.plot.ly/create-a-dashboard/#step-7-add-text) to your dashboard, you can add a webpage too."
    - copy: "For this tutorial, we've taken screenshots from our dashboard which can be found [here](https://plot.ly/~plotly2_demo/237/untitled-dashboard/)."

 - title: Webpage Examples
   sub-steps:

>     - copy: "Privacy and security are important at Chart Studio, and our security measures may only allow certain webpages to work on the dashboards."

Reviewer: this actually refers to Plotly the company.

>     - copy: "Privacy and security are important at Chart Studio, and our security measures may only allow certain webpages to work on the dashboards."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - copy: "Privacy and security are important at Plotly, and our security measures may only allow certain webpages to work on the dashboards."
```

>     - copy: "Privacy and security are important at Chart Studio, and our security measures may only allow certain webpages to work on the dashboards."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - copy: "Privacy and security are important at Plotly, and our security measures may only allow certain webpages to work on the dashboards."
```
